Add guide for PM2 (#164)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/hosting/vps.md

```bash
systemctl disable <service_name>
```

> ## PM2 PROCESS MANAGER (NODE only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PM2 (Node.js only)
```

> PM2 is a daemon process manager that will help you manage and keep your application online 24/7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PM2 is a daemon process manager for Node.js that will help you manage and keep your app online 24/7.
```

### Installing PM2

```bash
npm install pm2@latest -g
# or
yarn global add pm2
```

> ### Managing the pm2 process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Managing the app
```

> #### Starting an app: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Start
```

```bash

> # Start a simple process <entry_point> is your file location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

pm2 start --name <app_name> <entry_point>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> The `<app_name>` can be any identifier to your app, for example: `bot1`.  
> The `<entry_point>` should be the path to your index file (which runs your bot). 
```

> #### Restarting an app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Restart
```

> Restart stops all processes of this app first and then starts it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By restarting, you stop the app, and start it again.
```

```bash
pm2 restart <app_name>
```

> #### Reloading an app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Reload
```

> Reload first starts a new process before stopping the other processes resulting in 0-second-downtime. Recommended for stateless applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By reloading, you replace the current process of your app with a new one, resulting in a 0-second downtime. This is recommended for stateless applications.
```

```bash
pm2 reload <app_name>
```

> #### Stopping an app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Stop
```

```bash

> # Stopping an app with its name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A single app
```

pm2 stop <app_name>

> # Stopping every app launched by pm2

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# All apps
```

pm2 stop all
```

> #### Deleting an app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Delete
```

> Also stops the app and deletes its logs and metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By deleting, you stop your app and remove its logs and metrics.
```

```bash
pm2 del <app_name>
```

### Advanced Information

> - Management of Processes: <https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/process-management/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more, please refer to https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs.
```

> - Logs: <https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/log-management/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Startup Script: <https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/startup/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Graceful start and stop: <https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/signals-clean-restart/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
